oh yeah gonna come in who are you sonic
scarred scored oh yeah I remember you
from the sonic comics yeah so what do
you watch I'm on Sonic yeah of course
that's true but what do you really want
mmm yo Sonic well I don't want you want
him up with me here cuz that's fine and
he's gonna be your ally I please you
let's go you go first Master yeah snow
jumping on my hands chicken it's
everywhere what bout meet you first one
what is bad with your roomies there's
plenty years wow so why'd you wake me up
for because see you can't even sit are
you sure they're supposed to be a city
there well let's head over to that
corner are you guys going do not tell me
bother me Oh what scourge and who's the
guy in the back you mean my sidekick man
he's a copy of silver yes weird what it
just goes around copying people like
Metal Sonic nah me I don't care and
shadowing alright scourge will you watch
your money what
did you tell you why would you want my
money good okay bring it on hey battle
and why your what what ah how the heck
am I so wanted yes smart person was down
licked it oh my gosh scored you the
world link generator he's gone and that
leaves after fight night oh my am fiend
no we had a frame together right not
look that bad do I know you sort of do
ah oh okay okay you don't look that bad
good cuz the cup that is guys dr. in dr.
Robotnik Mamie Oh to your child is my
world is oh and younger my little gieux
got to get oh oh oh you poked me in the
eye what is your what is your healthy
shades why did you put them on your eyes
say no more ah you know that's my mirror
anime change it so yeah oh my upgraded
this is under
yeah you just break them why did and she
goes okay all right mug you're shaking
your to buy hey girl how did you get so
strong you're not even in your green
form yeah y'all know who out okay you're
gonna give me may your head drum get a
headache 00 can now i have a headache
what the heck was your bird on you sorry
you put that on tight okay better throw
me yeah yeah put to class at me wait no
they're my game gorge a secret rig no
one cares come on come back and fight
with a link oh dang ah whoa o.o hahaha
shoot I know your weakness actually I
don't know your weakness hahaha oh oh oh
it's just me oh oh oh oh ok now i got
hit drama whose house on that I don't
know some houses maybe it's your your
version of tales is whatever ah don't
get me thank you
oh that was a trick you're a meanie oh
hey I don't like you mm-hmm what is it
haha hi in it hi ah got ya I am King
you